fish and chips it is an Irish classic
I'm from Hope a fishing village of
course fish and chips is what I have
grown up with but the one I'm gonna make
for you today is a little bit of twist
on the classic I'm gonna make beer
batter fish crispy tender pieces of fish
served alongside some beautiful
Hasselback potatoes now if you're going
to make house of black potatoes what you
need to do is hit spindly slice them and
we're gonna thinly slice them my top tip
is to put them in the well of a wooden
spoon like this and then the well in the
wooden spoon prevents you from going all
the way to the bottom so what you get
left with is now check this out is this
wonderful today dough that has a bit of
movement and although that layers become
really crispy but the bottom stays
together
do you ever be absolutely incredible
once you have a big tray of these little
Hasselbeck Hedgehog potatoes what you
need to do is grab a little bit of
melted butter and just brush each one
right over the top so that all those
little bits of butter melts through and
into those little cracks what will
happen when they come out of the oven
you'll get lovely crispy little layers
and served alongside our fish absolutely
delicious sprinkle with a little bit of
sea salt a nice crack a black pepper and
into the oven where I do have some which
have been cooking up you have the most
crispy beautiful little layers of
potatoes so served alongside our fish
and chips this is essentially our chips
now we need to talk about our fish the
fish is a little bit unusual because it
has a bigger batter and not everyone
uses a beer batter but a beer batter is
very easy to make so into a bowl some
plain flour you need to make sure that
you have nice cold beer because as soon
as that cold beer with all those will be
fizzy bits hits that hot pan it's gonna
be absolutely delicious so just make a
well in the bottom here the beer does
two things in this situation it gives a
little bit of flavor a kind of nice tang
but it also gives a wonderful pot of
batter which goes really really crispy
seasoned up with some sea salt and some
black pepper and this is good to go
we're gonna dredge our fish so that we
make sure that the batter fits around it
or sticks to it so dredge it in a little
bit of flour and season again with some
black pepper and some sea salt once you
have it nicely mixed through grab some
GU Jones of haddock or card just toss it
in that lovely flour when you're looking
to buy fish what you want to look for is
skinless fish and you want a nice piece
of fish that you can cut into pieces
like this they're about 2 inches by 1
inch and they're a nice hefty sized
piece of fish but the thing to remember
is that if you don't want to cut them up
ask your fishmonger to do the job for
you he'll be happy to do it
tell him I sent you
all my flour is coated through I lovely
fish we've got our beer batter and we've
got the heat on our pan of oil I've got
to make two inches of sunflower oil in
here heating up and the way to check
that it is done is take a wooden spoon
and just dip it in there and if little
bubbles come up like that you are in
business
take your dredge pieces of fish dip them
in that lovely batter and what you want
to do essentially is take it and kind of
drip off any excess and once you've
drift off any excess get it straight in
there
fish really does cook quickly so it's no
more than about five minutes in here so
really quick you're looking for color
it's done and you can hear even as they
pull these out that they are kind of
hollow and crackling and really nice and
puffed up and golden this is beautiful
beer-battered fish oh yes to go along
with my lovely fish and chips I have
some minty P match and I've just made
this up by bubbling away some butter
adding in some frozen peas and mashing
it together with some mint it is so so
simple to make and check this out you
have got useful minty mushy peas crispy
tender little pieces of fish and those
wonderful little Hasselback potatoes
it's a nice twist on the classic I want
you to give it a go it is so so simple
if you want the recipe check it out in
the box below of course subscribe to the
channel have you clicked it yes go on
and of course give this video a big
thumbs up give it a like oh my time you
hear the crunch mmm
so so good I want you to give it a go
it's so so easy and it's a great one to
make at home
give it a go see you soon guys
you